A URL provides the location of the resource. A URI identifies the resource by name at the specified location or URL. 
A Uniform Resource Name (URN) is a URI that identifies a resource by name in a particular namespace. 
A URN is analogous to a person's name, while a URL is analogous to their street address. In other words, a URN identifies an item and a URL provides a method for finding it. 
a URL is simply a URI that happens to point to a resource over a network.
web industry
SPA-style client-side routing
permission policy

Cookie request header,  
	server can send a Set-Cookie HTTP header with the response. 
	client returns the cookie's value with every request
	
Cross-site HTTP requests 
	HTTP requests for resources from a different domain than the domain of the resource making the request.
	Example of resources: CSS stylesheets, images, scripts, and other resource
	=>  CORS allows web developers to control how their site reacts to cross-site requests.
	Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) [Partage des ressources d'origine croisée (CORS)]
	

client:
- send request 	
	first request
	next requests
- receive response
	first response
	next responses

server:
- receive request
	first request
	next requests
	all requests
		control how their site reacts to cross-site requests => Cross-site HTTP requests 
- return response
	first response
		request informations from client (web browser) => HTTP Client Hints 
		Example server response header:
		Accept-CH: Width, DPR, Viewport-Width
			the server is requesting information about 
			the client's width, device pixel ratio (DPR), and viewport width.
		the client Response:
			Width: 1920
			DPR: 2
			Viewport-Width: 1280
			In this example, the client is providing information about its 
			screen width, DPR, and viewport width to the server.
		
	next responses

Resonpse:
-Header (Http Headers)
	1. Client Hints are communicated through response headers sent 
	by the server to optimize the content they deliver to clients.
	Examples:
	* User-Agent Header : to request more detailed information about the client's browser or device.
	2. Cookie
	3. Cache
	
